Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/changelog/opam/2018-07-26-opam-2-0-0-rc4.md

This release features a few bugfixes over [Release Candidate 3](../opam-2-0-0-rc3). **It will be promoted to 2.0.0 proper within a few weeks, when the [official repository](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository) format switches from 1.2.0 to 2.0.0.** After that date, updates to the 1.2.0 repository may become limited, as new features are getting used in packages.

> It is safe to update as soon as you see fit, since opam 2.0.0 supports the older formats. See the [Upgrade Guide](https://opam.ocaml.org/2.0-preview/doc/Upgrade_guide.html - [404 Not Found]) for details about the new features and changes. If you are a package maintainer, you should keep publishing as before for now: the [roadmap](https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-2-0-0-repo-upgrade-roadmap) for the repository upgrade will be detailed shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is safe to update as soon as you see fit, since opam 2.0.0 supports the older formats. See the [Upgrade Guide](https://opam.ocaml.org/doc/Upgrade_guide.html) for details about the new features and changes. If you are a package maintainer, you should keep publishing as before for now: the [roadmap](https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-2-0-0-repo-upgrade-roadmap) for the repository upgrade will be detailed shortly.
```

> The opam.ocaml.org pages have also been refreshed a bit, and the new version showing the 2.0.0 branch of the repository is already online at [https://opam.ocaml.org/2.0-preview/](https://opam.ocaml.org/2.0-preview/ - [404 Not Found]) (report any issues [here](https://github.com/ocaml/opam2web/issues)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opam.ocaml.org pages have also been refreshed a bit, and the new version showing the 2.0.0 branch of the repository is already online at [https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-2-0-beta5/](https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-2-0-beta5/) (report any issues [here](https://github.com/ocaml/opam2web/issues)).
```
